Update server and client setup guide. (#1450)
appsmithorg/appsmith: contributions/ClientSetup.md

```bash
echo "127.0.0.1	dev.appsmith.com" | sudo tee -a /etc/hosts
```
Note:
- Please be careful when copying the above string as space between the ip and the string goes missing sometimes.
- Please check that the string has been copied properly by running
```
cat /etc/hosts | grep appsmith
```

3. Run the script `start-https.sh` in order to start the nginx container that will proxy the frontend code on your local system.
```bash
cd app/client
./start-https.sh
```

> Note:

Reviewer: Instead of adding this as a note, can we make it a step in the build process? The `.env` file will always be required. Hence it should just be another step.

Author: Done.

### Steps to build & run the code:
1. Run `yarn`

Note:
- On Ubuntu Linux platform, please run the following cmd before step 2 below:
```
echo fs.inotify.max_user_watches=524288 | sudo tee -a /etc/sysctl.conf && sudo sysctl -p
```
2. Run `yarn start`

🎉 Your Appsmith client is now running on https://dev.appsmith.com.

    This URL must be opened with https and not have the port 3000 in it

> By default your client app points to the local api server - `http://host.docker.internal:8080` for MacOS or `http://localhost:8080` for Linux. Your page will load with errors if you don't have the api server running on your local system. To setup the api server on your local system please follow the instructions here: `https://github.com/appsmithorg/appsmith/blob/release/contributions/ServerSetup.md`

Reviewer: The link to `ServerSetup.md` is invalid. It shows as a text and not a hyperlink. I would suggest you take a look at Markdown files referencing each other. This will ensure that the user can simply click on the link & navigate to ServerSetup file.

### Steps to build & run the code:
1. Run `yarn`
2. Run `yarn start`

> Note:

Reviewer 2: Could you add the note above the step 2?

2. In the root of the project, run `nvm use 10.16.3` or `fnm use 10.16.3`.

#### If you would like to hit a different Appsmith server:

> - Change the API endpoint in the Nginx configuration files (`app/client/docker/templates/nginx-linux.conf.template` or `app/client/docker/templates/nginx-mac.conf.template`). By default it points to the cloud hosted server https://release-api.appsmith.com. If you want it to point to your local instance, then replace all such ip instances with https://localhost:8080 

Reviewer 2: Could you specify that this is for linux machines?
For macOs, the server instance running locally on Mac is referred to in nginx as `http://host.docker.internal:8080`.

Reviewer 2: Also could you confirm that its `https://localhost:8080` and not `http://localhost:8080`?

Author: Hi Trisha, 
(1) I have added the macOS config too now.
(2) It is http not https. Thanks for pointing out. I have updated it.

3. Generate the certificates manually via `mkcert`. Check the command in `start-https-server.sh` file.
4. Change the value of the certificate location for keys `ssl_certificate` & `ssl_certificate_key` to the place where these certificates were generated.
5. If you ran `./start-https`, but containers failed to start (you have to check with `docker ps` since it fails silently). Some Linux distros (`Ubuntu` for example) have installed and running `apache2` webserver on port `80`. This can result in `Address already in use` error (you can check with `docker logs wildcard-nginx`). Simple solution for this is simply turning it off temporarily with `sudo systemctl stop apache2`. After that just run `./start-https` again.

## Need Assistance
If you are unable to resolve any issue while doing the setup:
- Please re-read all the steps and make sure you follow all instructions.

> - In case step (1) does not resolve your issue, please send an email to support@appsmith.com. Team Appsmith will be happy to help you.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- In case step (1) does not resolve your issue, please initiate a Github discussion or send an email to support@appsmith.com. We'll be happy to help you.
```

> - In case you notice any discrepancy, please raise an issue on github and/or send an email to support@appsmith.com.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- In case you notice any discrepancy, please raise an issue on Github and/or send an email to support@appsmith.com.
```
